Add section on tagging and time registrations (#60)
trifork/trireg2-api: README.md

Note!! The Basic Auth security scheme is only a temporary option to be used during Hackerdays on May 13.

### Tagging and Time Registrations

The API provides several endpoints for the registration and updating of time entries. 
A time registration is an entity consisting of a time amount, date, the individual who made the registration, and optionally, a description of the activity performed.

Time registrations, however, are not standalone entities and often require additional context to be meaningful. 
To address this, the concept of tagging is utilized. By associating a time registration with a task, it is possible to append tags that provide necessary supplementary information.

A tag is defined by a name, description, and a value that can be of various types.

> There are three distinct categories of tags that can be associated with a time registration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three distinct categories of tags that can be associated with a time registration. The category for a tag is configured by administrators on a task by task basis:
```

- **Mandatory Tags**:
  These tags are required for every time registration. For example, a tag named `Billable` with a value of `true` or `false` might be used to indicate whether the time is billable.
- **Optional Tags**:
  These tags are not required and can be freely added, omitted, or updated. An example would be an `IssueID` tag used to reference a Jira issue ID when logging time for a support case or bug fix.
- **Auto/Hidden Tags**:
  These tags are automatically added and are not visible to the user making the time registration. An example could be a `Customer` tag that includes the customer's name. This information may be valuable for upstream ERP systems when exporting data.

> It is important to note that **mandatory tags** and **optional tags** can overlap. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note the category of a tag is not a global concept.
```
